an Israeli media report is quoting Army
sources who are blaming poor discipline
among field commanders for the killing
of seven Aid workers in Gaza they told
the hared newspaper that soldiers and
officers violated Israeli Army
regulations a convoy of vehicles from
the world Central Kitchen Aid agency was
hit by Israeli air strikes in Dar albala
in central Gaza on Monday six of the
victims were foreign Nationals and one
was Palestinian well Al jazer
investigation has found the Israeli Army
intentionally targeted the world Central
Kitchen Convoy in three consecutive air
strikes here's what the evidence shows
the organization says it three vehicles
left the warehouse here in darl Bala
sometime around 10:30 p.m. local time on
April 1st the Convoy traveled just over
4 kilometers making it to rasheid Street
along the coast Witnesses say the first
vehicle was hit by a missile here just
before 10:45 5 p.m. the injured were
seen being transferred from the first
car to the second armored vehicle the
second car made it 800 M south from the
first attack when it too was bombed
photos clearly show it was hit straight
through the roof by a projectile from
above the Third vehicle in the Convoy
made it a further 1600 M down the road
before it was hit by a third and final
strike also through its roof let's bring
in aler is Imran Khan in occupied East
Jerusalem so Imran quite a lot of
contradiction in what we've heard from
the Israelis and what our investigation
has revealed let's start with this haret
article which talks about a lack of
discipline on the part of commanders in
the field in Gaza tell us more about
this well what you're supposed to have
in any situation in any kind of war is a
clear command and control structure any
drone strikes any military strikes any
operations need to be signed off on by a
senior Commander that depending on the
situation could go all the way up to the
defense minister him or herself that
seemingly hasn't happened in this case
all of the military analysts I've been
speaking to suggest that this is a clear
violation a clear destruction of that
command and control structure and then
we have this heret article a key
newspaper here within Israel very good
sources
who are now saying uh that commanders on
the ground are simply doing what they
want it's worth reading you a couple of
quotes from here a source in the
intelligence Branch said the command
knows exactly what the cause of the
attack was in Gaza everyone does as he
pleases now the Army regulations say
that the final provement for any action
against sensitive targets and
organizations must be given by senior
officers they go on to say that that
simply isn't happening it's a case of
every commander sets the rules for
himself that is a breakdown of a command
and control structure it's something uh
that now military analysts are actually
openly talking about and like I say we
have this heret article but will it have
an impact on the Israelis the Israelis
are actually saying you know what we are
going to set up a new uh Central command
system we are going to do everything uh
that we need to stop this from happening
again but those structures Folly should
have already been in place in fact they
were in place there is a war room so the
big question is now was this a
deliberate attack and at what level was
it actually approved was it just the
commanders on the ground who are
behaving in a way that allows them to
Simply do what they want or was it
signed off on at the highest levels and
Imran this is not the first attack on
Aid workers in Gaza many Palestinian Aid
workers have been uh killed in this
conflict and in previous conflicts are
we likely to see a proper investigation
and proper accountability in this case
as foreign workers were the
victims I think you've hit the nail on
the head because this was foreign
workers we will see the Israelis mount a
very significant and very key uh
investigation uh but will we see that
will the public see that it's likely
that that investigation will simply be
given uh to the various governments
involves the Polish the Brits the
Americans uh the a Australians and the
Canadians uh and they may well say okay
well we've got the results of the
investigation we're satisfied that the
results are something we can live with
and we'll go back to what we were doing
before which is supporting Israel in its
war on Gaza however International
pressure is still mounting from the
global South who are wondering why this
investigation is taking place into these
deaths when you have at least 110
Palestinians working for the United
Nations relief Works agency who were
Distributing Aid who were killed why
hasn't Israel investigated those death
the answer is obvious and it's clear and
I'm not going to say it okay thank you
Imran Imran Khan life for is there in
occupied East Jerusalem